
ðŸ—“ï¸ Day 11

ðŸ“ŒðŸ“ŒWhat is Test Plan and its Contents??

A Test Plan is a document that describes the test scope, test strategy, objectives, schedule, deliverables and resources required to perform testing for a software product.

Test plan template contents:

1.Overview
2.Scope
-Inclusions
-Test Environments
-Exclusions
4.Test Strategy
5.Defect Reporting Procedure
6.Roles/Responsibilities
7.Test Schedule
8.Test Deliverables
9.Pricing
10.Entry and Exit Criteria
11.Suspension and Resumption Criteria
12.Tools
13.Risks and Mitigations
14.Approvals

ðŸ“ŒðŸ“ŒWhat is Use case, Test Scenario & Test Case

1.Use Case:

Use case describes the requirement.
Use case contains THREE Items.
Actor, which is the user, which can be a single person or a group of people, interacting with a process.
Action, which is to reach the final outcome
Goal/Outcome, which is the successful user outcome.

2.Test Scenario:

A possible area to be tested (What to test)

3.Test Case:

Step by step actions to be performed to validate functionality of AUT (How to test).
Test case contains test steps, expected result & actual result.


ðŸ“ŒðŸ“ŒUse Case V/s Test Case

Use Case - Describes functional requirement, prepared by Business Analyst(BA).

Test Case - Describes Test Steps/ Procedure, prepared by Test Engineer.

ðŸ“ŒðŸ“ŒTest Scenario V/s Test Case

Test Scenario is 'What to be tested' and Test Case is 'How to be tested'.


Example:-

Test Scenario: Checking the functionality of Login button

TC1: Click the button without entering user name and password.

TC2: Click the button only entering User name.

TC3: Click the button while entering wrong user name and wrong password.

ðŸ“ŒðŸ“ŒWhat is Test Suite??

Test Suite is group of test cases which belongs to same category.


                                          Test Case 1
                      
                         Test Suite 1     Test case 2

                                          Test case 3



                                      
                                           Test Case 1     Test case 3

Test Plan ------------> Test Suite 2    
                                           Test case 2     Test case.n




                    
                                           Test Case 1
                      
                       Test Suite 3        Test case 2

                                           Test case 3



ðŸ“ŒðŸ“ŒWhat is Test case? Test Case Contents??

A Test Case is a set of actions executed to validate particular feature or functionality of your software application.

Test Case Contents:

Test Case ID

Test Case Title

Description

Pre-condition

Priority (PO, P1,P2,P3) - order

Requirement ID

Steps/Actions

Expected Result

Actual Result

Test data



