📌📌What is Functional Testing ?
Functionlity is nothing but behavior of application.
Functionality testing is talks about how the feature should work .
Types Of Functional Testing : 
1.Object Properties testing:
check the properties of the objects present on the application.
eg. enable,disable,visible,focus etc.

2.database testing : 
Check DML operations working or not .eg INSERT,UPDATE,DELETE,MODIFY etc
Opeartion perform on UI are affect correctly on the database or not.
Table validation(colomn type,col_length,number of colomns ).
Relation between table(Normalization).
Varify Functions,procedures,triggers,indexes,views etc.

3.Error handling Testing :
Verifying the error messages while performing incorrect actions.
Error messages or errors should be in simple,redable and user understable language .

4.Calculation / Manipulation Testing:
Some applications like banking ,financial includes calculations so testing them make sure that they give correct result .

5. Link existence & Link execution:
Link existence - where the exactly links are placed.
Link execution: links are navigate to proper page or not.
Internal Links-links navigate to same page in different section.
External Links: links naviaget to other page when we click.
Broken Links : link is empty or not working ,when we click it does not contains any target page .

6.Cookies And Session : 
Cookies are temperory files which are made by browser while browsing the page through the internet.
session are time slots created by the server it will expires when you idle for some time.

📌📌What is Non Functional Testing ?
Focus on expectations of users not the requirements ,expectations like performance ,security,and load etc.
Once the functionality is stable then we do the non functional testing.
Special tools are required for the performing non functional testing .

Types Of Non Functional testing: 

1. performance testing :
check the overall performance of the application it is done with the web applications.
cheacking the speed of the application.
-Load Testing: gradaully increasing the load on the application then check the speed of the application.
- Stress Testing : suddenly increase/decrease the load on the application then check the speed of the application.
-volume testing ; check how much data is able to handle by the application.

2.Security Testing:
check how secure our application 
authentication--> Users are valid or not.
Autherization--> permission of the valid user.

3.Recovery testing :
Check the system provide recovery mechanism or not.
check the system change to abnormal to normal.

4.Compatibility testing :
When the new version of application is launch check the new and old version working properly or not.
forward compatibility.
backward compatibility
hardware compatibility -configuration testing.

5.Installation testing :
Installation process is working proper or not.
check screens are clear to understand 
simple and visible proper 
un install process should remove all files.

6. Sanitation testing :
if any application provides extra functionality then we consider as it is a bug.
it is also called as garbage testing.

📌📌What is difference between Functional and Non functional testing ?

~Functional Testing
Validates functionality of Software.
Functionality describes what software does.
Concentrates on user requirement.
Functional testing takes place before Non-functional testing.

~Non-functional Testing
Verify the performance, security, reliability of the software.
Non-Functionality describes how software works.
Concentrates on user expectation.
Non-Functional testing performed after finishing Functional testing.










